Contains projects related to Seven Languages in Seven Weeks by Bruce A. Tate

From The Pragmatic Bookshelf:

====

Ruby, Io, Prolog, Scala, Erlang, Clojure, Haskell. With Seven Languages in Seven Weeks, by Bruce A. Tate, you’ll go beyond 
the syntax—and beyond the 20-minute tutorial you’ll find someplace online. This book has an audacious goal: to present 
a meaningful exploration of seven languages within a single book. Seven Languages hits what’s essential and unique 
about each language and will help teach you how to grok new languages.

For each language, you’ll solve a nontrivial problem, using techniques that show off the language’s most important 
features. You’ll discover the strengths and weaknesses of each language while dissecting the process of learning 
languages quickly—for example, finding the typing and programming models, decision structures, and how you 
interact with them.

Among this group of seven, you’ll explore the most critical programming models of our time. Learn the dynamic typing 
that makes Ruby, Python, and Perl so flexible and compelling. Understand the underlying prototype system that’s 
at the heart of JavaScript. See how pattern matching in Prolog shaped the development of Scala and Erlang. Discover how 
pure functional programming in Haskell is different from the Lisp family of languages, including Clojure.

Explore the concurrency techniques that are quickly becoming the backbone of a new generation of Internet applications. 
Find out how to use Erlang’s let-it-crash philosophy for building fault-tolerant systems. Understand the actor model 
that drives concurrency design in Io and Scala. Learn how Clojure uses versioning to solve some of the most difficult 
concurrency problems.

It’s all here, all in one place. Use the concepts from one language to find creative solutions in another—or 
discover a language that may become one of your favorites.

====

http://pragprog.com/book/btlang/seven-languages-in-seven-weeks

Executing each project will require the necessary binaries and libraries for each language.  The specifics can be
found under each languages folder.